Discussion and Results


1. What are some trends in smart device usage?
2. How could these trends apply to Bellabeat customers?
3. How could these trends help influence Bellabeat marketing strategy?


Reference the graph called "TotalStepsCaloriesY". Here, you can see the delineating of Total Steps in the X axis and Total Calories in the Y axis. 
This is a positive correlation because the more steps people take, the more calories are calculated or "burned". 
Which is great confirmation that Bellabeats can use their products, such as the Leaf, to help people measure the amount of calories burned 
and how many steps they took per day. The recommended amount of steps per day is 10,000, so if people want to keep up with this goal amount, 
they can use the Leaf Wellness Tracker or the app to track their progress.

Reference the second graph called "Time and Sleep". Here there is also a positive correlation between Total Time in Bed (Y Axis) and Total Minutes Asleep (X axis).
As you can see from the graph, there is a general line of best fit pointing to the fact that the more time you sleep, the more time you spend in bed.
However, it is interesting to note that there are outliers where the Total Minutes Asleep was around 600, but Total Time in Bed is almost around 1000.
These outlying trends are a great question for BellaBeats to tackle because they can program the "Time" Wellness watch and the "Leaf" wellness tracker
to identify any sleep disturbances or unusual patterns. For instance, these devices can give an alert saying "you spent x amount of time in bed" compared to
actual "minutes spent asleep". Then, this data can be sent and synced over to the mobile BellaBeats App, which can convert the data into true visualizations
and offer more resources for customers interested in sleep patterns. For instance, this can apply to customers with sleep apnea or insomnia, people who want
to track the quality and quantity of their sleep. Thus, this could point Bellabeat towards a new marketing strategy in the future.
